hi guys welcome to stuff you should buy
this is Harry and today I'm showing you
guys my Apple smart cover now it's not
boxed up i've been using it for a while
and i was going to make a review when I
first brought it but realistically I
just couldn't wait to get it on and use
it and never got around to it but the
bonus here is that I can tell you how
it's actually been going um and how good
it really is because I've been using it
for a while now it is a polyurethane one
so it's not the leather ones but it's
pretty good in terms of being cleaned i
have used isopropyl on this which is a
rubbing alcohol to give it a clean from
time to time if it's ever gotten scuffle
you're dirty and i'll tell you it works
great it doesn't damage at all at the
front i'm not sure how the leather would
react though using a rubbing alcohol on
it I can't tell you I haven't got one as
far as this goes this cover itself it's
it's pretty good I'm pretty happy with
it what it does have is some rubber sort
of soft buffers here along along the
actual stripper not sure if you can see
they'll try and bring it in a bit closer
there we go say that those little bits
there all along here sorry about that
here we go and another little bit there
and that bait basically helps to sort of
protect a bit when it snaps on the
microfiber cloth is here on this side
and obviously the rubber part is on the
other side now as far as the microfiber
cloth goes i'm not sure if any of you
have heard but there was a Steve Jobs
actually mention about it being able to
clean your iPad not true it doesn't
clean it at all but if it gets smudged
and then you put this on it won't clean
it it stays smudged as far as linkers it
may pick up a little bit of lint if
there's anything on the actual screen
but again it doesn't really do much yes
so doesn't really clean that's the
honest truth from my experience now
we'll pop it on so you can see you know
the one thing is this is my my iPad here
and I've got to cover
and this covers pretty cool and I have
done a review on it if you had a look at
have a look at some of my other videos
you'll see so balcon clearcase and snap
on case now it does have a groove an
opening here which allows me to use a
smart cover with it so I've got the back
of this protected and I can also now
have at the front so let's just see how
this snaps on it if general generally
just grips without any issue there you
go and it lines up itself which is great
and as far as it goes for putting it on
just snap something like that and it's
quite a nice comfy fit it's pretty
pretty tight it's pretty well you know
well-made I've got no complaints about
this highly recommend it and its first
great now as I said I've been using it
for a while and I haven't had any issues
in terms of putting it on taking it off
again the only thing is it doesn't cling
now in terms of using the cover it does
allow you to use it as a stand which is
great before we use it as a stand where
i'll show you how it works it doubles as
a stand firm for a few different angles
but let's look at the sleep mode now
have a sneak peek here and see if
anything's on suck it off up turned on
now look now it's turned off now it's
turned on now it's turned off so as you
can see we're not enough like it's
through obviously it hits the sensor in
turns the screen on so it does work does
turn the actual iPad on and off and now
looking at it in terms of a stand so you
just fold this over now here's one issue
I have with this if you're sitting out
having a coffee somewhere join your cafe
latte or whatever it is you drink
cappuccino and your table you're sitting
out isn't cleaned very well this thing's
going to get dirty so I find myself that
every where I sit I constantly am wiping
down the table before I open this up and
being microfiber yeah it'll clean it'll
clean the table that you've put it on
especially if it's dirty actually won't
even claim the table
the table will remain dirty and this
will end up dirty as well so here you go
so yeah that's the only other thing I
have an issue with is that this thing
yeah I can get dirty if you pop it down
on the surface it's not very clean as
you can see here it allows you to sit it
on an angle it's great you know for
typing and that it's not too bad and for
surfing I find that at this angle
sitting at my local coffee shop my neck
does tend to get a little stiff and then
I end up picking it up holding it on my
lap so I can't really sit for a very
long time but then again you know the
angle you sit on my very and the table
and the chairs but look it is good I
haven't got a problem with it in terms
of using it at that angle the other
thing as well is you can prop it up on
it on it sir back here now this is scary
for me I mean I have used it hi anyway I
have used it and I'm I have to admit
that it's it's it's a little bit touchy
and what I mean by that is that if you
if you hit this enough or hard enough it
can actually sort of fall and not so
much a little fall back that it'll
bounce and it could fall forward and it
could damage your iPad so you know
that's another thing to just sort of be
concerned about if you're sitting there
just watching say a film or you've got
something you're watching on YouTube
videos or things like that and you're
not really sort of prodding it too much
look it's fine it does the job it's
perfect for that sorry about the angle
i'll try and lift this up so we can get
a better look here ok step a little bit
more here we go so yeah look again it's
fine if your are if you're just watching
something ok no problem it does the job
now some people do tend to do this with
it and put it up on an angle like that I
personally don't like to use it that way
never have never will but I have seen
people doing that and they'll pop it up
and use it on this angle I'm not really
sure if it's even meant to be used at
that angle but some people do and but
again at your own risk I had don't
advise it
so yeah that's pretty much it I mean
it's quite simple it works really well
other than some things like it doesn't
really clean the screen apart from that
you know it's quite quite a good cover
and I'm pretty happy with it and like I
said combined with the bulk and clear
snapon shield and this it's beautiful as
far as this guy's these range around $45
a less Australian that's how much i got
this one for so yeah that's about it
look any questions let me know and if
you do like my video please rate thanks
for listening guys you have a wonderful
day weekend night whatever it may be
wherever you are